Updates for WND 2.1.0 (#3943)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/enterprise/external_storage/enterprise_only_auth.adoc

* The username taken will be the same as the `user id` of the ownCloud's session. With the example ownCloud's user "Alice" with password "mysecret" (or even without password) will use "Alice" as username and the password from the config.php file to access the storage. Note that for LDAP, the `user id` is usually like _1223-cbdf-cacc-1234...,_ unless the configuration in the user_ldap app is changed.

* The password will be fetched from a key inside the config.php file, for details see the section below. Even if the account doesn't have a password like oAuth or OpenIDConnect ect, the connection with the storage will use the password from  config.php. *Note that the password will be the same for any user accessing the particular mount!*

==== Defining key/value pairs in config.php

Key/value pairs in config.php must have the following structure:

.Example having a single array
[source,php]
----
'customApp.config' => [
    'password' => 'mypassword',
]
----

.Example having nested arrays
[source,php]
----
'customApp.config' => [
  'server1' => [
    'password' => 'mypassword',
  ],
  'server2' => [
    ....
  ],
]
----

customApp.config::

> This can be any php conform name like the above `customApp.config` or as an another example `my.config.key`, but not reserved ownCloud keys.

Reviewer: I am not sure what "conform" is referring to here. Maybe you intend to say that the "name" must be a string that is valid as an array key in a PHP array? If so, than actually any string could be used (even a UTF string in a different script). And looking down further, I see that using `#` in the key string will mess things up!)

Also, I don't understand why/when a structure of nested arrays would be needed/useful. Maybe there can be a realistic example given of a system that has multiple mounts, and how that could be structured in a clear way in the config.

Author: > the "name" must be a string that is valid as an array key in a PHP array

This is a much better wording

> looking down further, I see that using # in the key string will mess things up!

This was the definition made by @jvillafanez (see #4162 and wnd PR) to address a particular sub-key

> when a structure of nested arrays would be needed/useful

See the issue above. The use case is, when you have more than one server (sub-key) you define but collect it in one master key. I took the description from @jvillafanez

Author: I have improved the text and used your comments as input. Please have a look again.
If you are fine with, pls set this block to resolved.

Reviewer: Looks good. I just reviewed a few other minor grammar/typos.

password::
Each array element **must** have the key `password` present and a corresponding value, even if empty.
Nested arrays::

> You also can use nested arrays as described in the example above. When using nested arrays, you can use as many sub-keys according your needs with any php conform name. Using nested arrays is benificial when having more than one definition but keeping it together in one master key. To access a particular subkey as config element in the mount definition, use the following scheme:

Reviewer: See my comment above - maybe a "realistic" example will help make this clear.

= Enterprise-Only Authentication Options

== Introduction

ownCloud provides several authentication options for mounting storages. Depending on the edition, these options can vary.

== Authentication Options

The following table shows which authentication option is available for which edition of ownCloud. 

[width="70%",cols="30%,^20%,^20%",options="header"]
|===
| Authentication Method
| Free Edition
| Enterprise Edition

| Username and password
| x
| x

| Log-in credentials, save in session
| x
| x

| Log-in credentials, save in database
| 
| x

| User entered, store in database
| 
| x

| Credentials hardcoded in config file
| 
| x

| Global credentials
| 
| x

| RSA public key *
| x
| x
|===

(*) Note that `RSA public key` is only available for SFTP.

== Storage Implementations

The following table shows which storage implementation can use the above authentication options.

> Note that this table does not cover other storage implementations like Google Drive or One Drive ect, as those use other authentication backends.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that this table does not cover other storage implementations like Google Drive or One Drive etc., as those use other authentication backends.
```

|===
| Storage implementation
| Free Edition
| Enterprise Edition

| FTP
| x
| x

| SFTP
| x
| x

| ownCloud
| x
| x

| SMB/CIFS
| x
| x

| WebDAV
| x
| x

| Windows Network Drive
| 
| x
|===

Use the dropdown selector to choose the authentication backend when you create a new external mount.

image:enterprise/external_storage/enterprise-only-auth/auth_backends-1.png[Authentication dropdown selector.]

== Authentication Option Details

Username and password::
  This is the default; a login entered by the admin when the external mount is created. The login is stored in the database, which allows sharing and background jobs, such as file scanning, to operate.
Log-in credentials, save in session::
  Credentials are only stored in the session and not captured in the database. Files cannot be shared, as credentials are not stored.
Log-in credentials, save in database::
  Credentials are stored in the database, and files can be shared.
User entered, store in database::
  Users provide their own login credentials, rather than using admin-supplied credentials. User credentials are stored in the database, and files can be shared.
Credentials hardcoded in config file::

>   Used when all the users will share the same password and the password is not known to the users like for a shared space. The user id is always taken from the session. This authentication option can also be chosen when using oAuth or OpenIDConnect ect. Files can be shared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Used when all the users will share the same password and the password is not known to the users like for a shared space. The user id is always taken from the session. This authentication option can also be chosen when using oAuth or OpenIDConnect etc. Files can be shared.
```

>   Used when all the users will share the same password and the password is not known to the users like for a shared space. The user id is always taken from the session. This authentication option can also be chosen when using oAuth or OpenIDConnect etc. Files can be shared.

Reviewer 2: For details see below, section "Notes for Credentials Hardcoded in Config File"

Author: fixed, link added

* The username taken will be the same as the `user id` of the ownCloud session. For example, ownCloud user "Alice" with password "mysecret" (or even without password) will use "Alice" as username and the password from the config.php file to access the storage. Note that for LDAP, the `user id` is usually like _1223-cbdf-cacc-1234...,_ unless the configuration in the user_ldap app is changed.

* The password will be fetched from a key inside the config.php file. For details see the section below. Even if the account doesn't have a password like oAuth or OpenIDConnect etc, the connection with the storage will use the password from  config.php. *Note that the password will be the same for any user accessing the particular mount!*

==== Defining key/value pairs in config.php

Key/value pairs in config.php must have the following structure:

.Example having a single array
[source,php]
----
'customApp.config' => [
    'password' => 'the_password',
]
----

.Example having nested arrays
[source,php]
----
'customApp.config' => [
  'server1' => [
    'password' => 'the_first_password',
  ],
  'server2' => [
    'password' => 'the_second_password',
  ],
  ....
]
----

customApp.config::

> The naming of this key must be a string that is valid as an array key in a PHP array like the above `customApp.config` or as an another example `my.config.key`, but not any reserved ownCloud key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The naming of this key must be a string that is valid as an array key in a PHP array like the above `customApp.config` or as another example `my.config.key`, but not any reserved ownCloud key.
```

password::

> Each array element **must** have mandatory exact one key named `password` present and a corresponding value, even if empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each array element **must** have exactly one key named `password` present and a corresponding value, even if empty.
```

We don't really need to say "mandatory" when "must" is already written and highlighted.

Nested arrays::
You can use nested arrays as described in the example above. When using nested arrays, you can use as many sub-keys according your needs where the naming of the sub-key must be a string that is valid as an array key in a PHP array.
+

> Note that sub-keys, exept the password key are not used as element for the mount point. Sub-keys are only present to optimize grouping and accessing the passwords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that sub-keys, except the password key are not used as elements for the mount point. Sub-keys are only present to optimize grouping and accessing the passwords.
```

+

> Nested arrays are benificial when having more than one server (host) with a password, but keeping them together in one master key. To access a particular sub-key as config element in the mount definition, use the following scheme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested arrays are beneficial when having more than one server (host) with a password, but keeping them together in one master key. To access a particular sub-key in the mount definition, use the following scheme:
```

+
[source,text]
----
<key>#<level_1>#<level_2>...

> ----

Reviewer 2: Hard to understand for me. What is a subkey? What is key? (probably a servername, from the exampe below) Where do levels appear?
Where exactly is this syntax used? In the entry form of the admin sharing dialog?

Author: fixed, text added
